The solution to the exercise is
essentially moving a lot of the state
actions, getters and
mutations into modules.
So we created a module called inventory.
I'll just collapse everything just so
you can see.
In modules, we created an inventory
as well as a machine module.
And then within them, we have states.
So here we have, I renamed inventory
to supply, it's basically inventory.
And then we have our getters to
check whether its supply is low.
And then similarly with machine, we
have the aspect of the machine state, So
the name as well as when it was
last serviced, the condition.
And then we have actions and mutations
that update that as well as a getter.
And so all of these are modularized.
All we did is we moved all
of our code into a module.
So we essentially modularized our Vuex.
And then within the component, we also
changed how we're accessing things.
Yeah, we're accessing
the state with the module.
You might notice from this
particular exercise, and
I did not mention this earlier,
that in Vuex, the way how we did things,
which is essentially creating a module
as such, so we create a module.
It has state getters, actions and
mutations or whatever.
The problem with this is that
a lot of things are global,
even though it's modularized.
And it might not make sense but,
bear with me for a second, doing it this
way will modularize only the state but
not getters, actions, and mutations.
So in order to access the getters,
actions, and mutations,
that's actually global.
So one thing you might notice
is that this.$stores.getters
is not namespaced, or
the lowStockItems is not namespaced.
Neither is the serviceDate which
is specifically the getter,
neither is isSupplyLow, and so on.